Fixed typo in configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes.md (#45918)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes.md

application more available despite bugs.

A common pattern for liveness probes is to use the same low-cost HTTP endpoint

> as for readiness probes, but with a higher failure threshold. This ensures that the pod

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as for readiness probes, but with a higher `failureThreshold`. This ensures that the pod
```
